Add physical samples to citation section (#3704)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/citable/citable-cite.md

You can find more examples on the [Manchester's Data Access Statements page](https://www.library.manchester.ac.uk/using-the-library/staff/research/research-data-management/sharing/data-access-statements/), the [Cambridge Data Availability Statement examples](https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/authors/open-data/data-availability-statements), the [AMS Data Availability Statement examples](https://www.ametsoc.org/index.cfm/ams/publications/author-information/formatting-and-manuscript-components/data-availability-statement-examples/), or [Nature's Tips for writing a dazzling Data Availability Statement](https://researchdata.springernature.com/posts/tips-for-writing-a-dazzling-das-data-availability-statement).

(cm-citable-cite-samples)=
## Citing Physical Samples

> When sharing results related to physical samples, ideally a persistent identifier is assigned to track the samples and the associated data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sharing results related to physical samples, ideally a persistent identifier is assigned to track the samples and associated data. 
```

I _think_ it might read better as either,

- identifier assigned to samples and (their) associated data (one identifier for everything)
- identifier_s_ assigned to samples, and associated data (many identifiers)

whichever is correct.

> Similarly as with data citation above, you include a citation in the references and a more detailed explanation in the data availability statement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with [data citation](cm-citable-cite-data), you include a citation in the references and a more detailed explanation in the data availability statement. 
```
